# Pitch

How do you tell parents that their missing 4-year-old son may have been found, but you need them to come to identify the body? How do you take a rape statement, asks sensitives questions, without the victim feeling even worse?

How to select the right candidate and be sure he doesn’t have any serious misconception?

(“?” keeps adding to a single person)

Staying as professional and as human as possible in these situations requires training.

(Slide with a list of new technologies, pass with “more efficient, easier”)

Of course, you can still role playing to get a more human feeling, but today’s new technologies can help this training even more. So, here we are, presenting to you this Chatbot application. On the device of your choice.

You can select your usage : 
selection, wich keep track of the trainee’s record in the app and help to select a good candidate.
general training, with how to manage day-to-day situations, what’s to do before redirecting to specialized officers
specialized training, for going in depth of difficult situations.

(Show app format phone, showing different menu, finish in specialized)

And the topics :
Theft
Missing person
Rape
An so on…

Lets see what this can do for the rape section.

(show rape chatbot, beginning (another than ours))

Ready-to-use aleatory story, anyone can be a victim, a lot of possibilities.

(show rape chatbot, beginning (the one we are presenting))

You can talk to the victim, that’ll respond according to what is asked, can be offended, or stop talking. You can keep track of what steps of the procedure is done, what’s still to do. Get a report at the end, with what you missed, what was good, and what’s to improve.

(move from different possibilities of speech, depending on the text)

You can use it anytime, anywhere, and without any preparation.

And so much more has yet to be added!

Let’s talk with numbers now!

Business plan
Market plan
Competitive analysis
Financial Projection and Key metrics

Now that you are convinced, let’s talk about us.

We are 5 students from BeCode, with different Backgrounds. (Slide BeCode, then with us with picture + first name + past occupation)

Quick parenthesis : special thanks to Olivier Slosse for his input and knowledge.

(Slide with a Timeline)

This project is quite new. To be honest, last week, we didn’t know about this hackaton. 3 days ago, we decided witch subject we wanted to do. And we started working on it during this Hackaton.

In two days, we made : an UI with a ChatBot, and analysis of the input (subject, intent…) to get a corresponding answer, as well as a prototype to generate different stories of rape.

With only a few more days, we could : implement the Speech Recognition, perfecting the story generation, adding diversities, implementing other topics…

(images corresponding keep adding at the end of the timeline, voice speaking faster and faster but volume decreasing until the end)
(Black screen, “thank you” at the end)

